Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we declared all our functions are going to validate the input for us.
But we're going change this slightly now that you've seen how it works how many are functions where
you take these functions and we're going to move them into their own class.
So when you create a class called Account right in this account class is going to handle all of the
validation of the input and the log in the registration.
So for some of you this might be your first exposure to classes but if you've never seen them before
don't worry still follow along because you will pick it up fast.
They're actually really simple.
If you do have any questions Remember you can always ask me I'm happy to help.
So any questions at all just let me know.
But we'll go ahead and create this class now so great new file command and control and whatever you
have.
And this is going to be class but going to save it into that includes folder so dirty includes folder
and then create a new following site of the includes folder.
So a new folder called classes say now inside the enclosed body of a other folder and annalise's folder.
So this classes folder is for the classes you guessed it.
So we create a count not the hpn classes by convention have an uppercase letter for their first character.
We call this account and with the case.
So this is going to be our account class to say that.
And this idea of a page B class we open a puppyish beads like that and then write.
Class account with upper case A like that.
And then that's it.
Now we create a constructor and a constructor is just something that's called as soon as the class is
initialise.
So as soon as you create a variable of this class this current of about right will be called.
You say this works as we go so that we're right if you understand that so function underscore underscore
constructor's to underscores their parentheses like that and then you curly braces.
There are about this.
This looks a bit of a horrible way to write something but we you know we did double in the scores but
just write it like that.
You deal with this again.
We're typing this out.
So I just typed that out as you see it and oh you need to know is this code right here is called as
soon as the variable of this class is created.
And as such earlier we have our class now.
So you can go ahead and take all these functions from the register register handle the page Sorry get
rid of those from there and move them into this account class like that which is let them on the press
tab to move them along and then make these private.
So we add fries on the front of these functions like this.
And what that does is it means that these can only be called from within this class.
This is best practice over these functions can't be called from outside this class.
You'll see other words very soon now because you will write a public function.
We're also going to write private functions so you will see what the differences are and so that probably
won't mean a whole lot to you if you've only just started with classes but just just continue follow
along and it will become clearer.
So I'm going to try one more function at the top asking the register function and this can be a public
one.
Like I said all along you'll see how this works public function register and then save that and go to
you register handler.
Remember Down here we call all of these functions where now since we move these once we take that code
so get rid of that from there move into the account one.
I'm going to put inside of this register function like that's a highlight or those and have those cross.
So the registry function is going to be the one function call.
And this first one is going to call a bunch of other functions from within it.
This is why we call this public and these are the private the public one is one we're going to manually
call.
We're going to say register and then the register funking is going to call these from within itself
which is why they're private.
Because the register phone it can access private ones it is within his own Glatt.
I want to call this fonz's we actually have the person from the front.
We have to say does sign this and then arrow and what this does.
It basically says this instance of the class this function.
Again one of the things I'm saying today it will become clear to you as you go and as you start using
this stuff as soon as I Splenda before you've seen as a user it's going to be pretty confusing for you.
So I'm not sure Larry how long the x-ray Explanations for now because just by using them we as you see
us use them you really understand how it works.
So now when we call this one function it calls all of these functions and we get to test they're being
call and we can just put something in here in the valley.
Use a name.
Just test out there is that's to call in this week is a user name from Shehan called temporarily and
then we'll go back to our reds to handle the code down here.
So any We're going to create our account variable.
I'm going to call this register function.
So the way we operate is by saying account equals new count like that of the member the uppercase A.
And that's it.
We're going of a problem then because we haven't actually added a reference to this.
It knows nothing about the account class.
We have to include the account or CHP code just like we did include the handler code right here.
So essential things if you want you can just copy and paste one of those includes there and we could
go and add this to the top of this file at this register.
HANDLER 1 but we're not going to do that.
We're actually going to add it to the registered updates Pekoe.
So both of these two came with energies added include.
This is going to be includes slash classes slash account of BHP kind of BHP just like that.
Okay.
And then because we have the reference here we can just carry our camera well here.
So copy and paste this code from here.
We're I'm going to have in there.
Move it to the Reds did up the HP carried like that.
So account equals no account and then widget and call that register function so count.
Register just like that.
And we're going to see some areas because this race is different she is calling this code right here.
But these variables that you have values like this is an undefined variable right now but we'll just
call it and just see what happens.
Just so you can actually see it is actually working in a undefined variables there.
But you can see this part that we added this string use a function call in the account appear to be
people.
This part that we echo.
So just buckle on this one function it called all the rest of the functions.
Okay.
So ignore those error messages.
For now this is just to demonstrate to you how we're going to call the rest of function which you're
going to call all these other functions.
I guess they get a very quick set of carapace PE class and there's some of you a first introduction
to classes.